[docs][migrate] voyager reference section (#15654)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/migrate/reference/datatype-mapping-mysql.md

---
title: Data type mapping from MySQL to YugabyteDB
linkTitle: Data type mapping
description: Refer to the data type mapping table when migrating data from MySQL to YugabyteDB using YugabyteDB Voyager.
menu:
  preview:
    identifier: datatype-mapping-mysql
    parent: reference-voyager
    weight: 102
type: docs
---

<ul class="nav nav-tabs-alt nav-tabs-yb">
  <li class="active">
    <a href="../datatype-mapping-mysql/" class="nav-link">
      MySQL to YugabytyeDB
    </a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href="../datatype-mapping-oracle/" class="nav-link">

>       Oracle to yugabyteDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Oracle to YugabyteDB
```

    </a>
  </li>
</ul>

> The following table includes a list of supported data type mappings from MySQL to YugabyteDB using YugabyteDB Voyager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table includes a list of data type mappings for migrating data from MySQL to YugabyteDB using YugabyteDB Voyager:
```

> | MySQL data type | Data type mapped to YugabyeDB | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MySQL data type | Maps to YugabyeDB as | Description |
```
